h1. Archivehero

built for GovHack Sydney 2013

{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"rails3-bootstrap-devise-cancan", :database=>"sqlite", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :dev_webserver=>"webrick", :templates=>"erb", :continuous_testing=>"guard", :rvmrc=>true, :jsruntime=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0.0
* Rails version 3.2.13


h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account. Make sure your details are in the .gitignore file or lol

h2. Getting Started



h2. Documentation and Support



h4. Issues



h2. Similar Projects



h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

djon3s and karwalski Thanks to Richard from State Records NSW and GovHack team and who ever provided the coffee. 

h2. License

Do what you feel as long as you don't build bombs.
